Add HyP3+ documentation (#633)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: docs/about/hyp3_basic.md

# HyP3 Basic

ASF released HyP3 to the public in 2020, allowing all users to request On Demand products at no cost. 
This service, now called HyP3 Basic, is funded by NASA, and hosted in 
NASA's [Earthdata Cloud (EDC)](https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/about/earthdata-cloud-evolution "https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/about/earthdata-cloud-evolution" ){target=_blank}. 

Anyone can use HyP3 Basic. All you need are 
[Earthdata Login credentials](../using/authentication.md#earthdata-login-edl "Jump to EDL Documentation"). 

Each user receives 10,000 credits each month to use for processing any On Demand products. Different HyP3 job types 
consume different credit amounts, as defined in the 
[Credit Cost Table](../using/credits.md#credit-cost-table "Jump to the Credit Cost Table on the Credits Documentation page"). 
If you need to process more data than is possible with this credit allotment, you can purchase additional credits using 
[HyP3+](hyp3_plus.md "Jump to HyP3+ Documentation"). 

> Output products are hosted in an S3 bucket in EDC, and are retained for 14 days before being deleted. 

Author: ```suggestion
Output products are distributed via Amazon CloudFront, and are retained for 14 days before being deleted. 
```

We don't allow user access to the S3 buckets in EDC, so I think it's better to not mention S3 at all here.
